oh what a nice morning yeah I'm gonna go
downstairs
full master well came calling for you a
little while ago I don't know what was
about we said it was an emergency you
should probably go see him okay all
right oh yes troll master full master
very important very important don't go
into tall grass wild Pokemon attack you
okay if you up at your own pokemon but
you don't so be careful son okay dad ok
welcome ok let's go to wills house oh
and Wales house going into wills house
oh oh hey troll master how you do it yo
bro told master already go to the late
to come ok so I'm gonna find you a
million dollars if you're late all right
oh snap i forgot all right I better take
my bag and journal too oh hey troll
master going to the link i'll be waiting
out side on the road ok well wait up
isn't this like beautiful droll master
yeah the lake is beautiful your boys huh
I wonder what that Professor once let's
go see are you going the doors over here
well I'll take a unique playin goofball
our professor oak you need